add test metrics in ci capability (#5774)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/setup-sl.md

8. You’re done 🎉! The semantic layer should is now enabled for your project. 
-->

## Next steps

- Now that you've set up the dbt Semantic Layer, start querying your metrics with the [available integrations](/docs/cloud-integrations/avail-sl-integrations).
- [Optimize querying performance](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/sl-cache) using declarative caching.

> - [Test your metrics in CI](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#test-metrics-in-ci) to ensure code changes made to dbt models don't break these metrics.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Validate your semantic nodes in CI](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#semantic-validations-in-ci) to ensure code changes made to dbt models don't break these metrics.
```

> - [Validate your semantic nodes in CI](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#semantic-validations-in-ci) to ensure code changes made to dbt models don't break these metrics.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Validate semantic nodes in CI](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#semantic-validations-in-ci) to ensure code changes made to dbt models don't break these metrics.
```
